I was struggling mostly with just familiarity with the Git terminology and the Git syntax. I mostly feel like I understood it going into the GPS session, but I hadn't had much repitition on the concepts. Some of the GitHub terminology was slightly confusing to me, as well as syntax for branching, and how pushes to GitHub work along with the branches.

The GPS session did help clarify the GitHub concepts. I was a little hazy on the difference between a Git pull and a Git clone. Now I understand that along with what a fork is, and have familiarity with push, pull, pull requests, and merges. I mostly understood all of this, but it was good to get some repitition and additional clarification on it.

Our guide was not there for the session, so we were not able to ask anything. My pair and I worked through all the issues together, so we asked many questions, and had a lot of communication going back and forth with one another.

I'm still a bit confused about merge conflict resolution. My pair and I worked through the merge conflict for a very long time, we were able to successfully create the conflict, but when it came time to resolve the conflict, it was really hazy on what EXACTLY we had to keep and delete from the code itself. Our whole branch seemed to get corrupted at the end. While we struggled through this, it was actually a good lesson as we ended up getting a lot of repitition working through errors, and repitition on the Git syntax. 
I also need to clarify exactly what origin means when you're doing a git push. Git fetch and Git merge are also a bit hazy for me. I believe those are the two broken down steps of a Git pull, but I'm not positive. I also need some clarification on pushing & branches, I'm not positive if we push our feature branch to github, or if we first merge our feature with master before pushing to github.

Besides our guide not being there, I thought this was an excellent first experience for pairing. We didn't have a guide so we ended up working through everything on our own, and figuring out all the issues by ourselves, and by using google. We did a good job of continuing with communication on all the roadblocks we hit and I feel like maybe we even learned more having to figure out every issue/small problem/question ourself. This also gave us good opportunity to work on communication skills, since we'd have to ask each other and talk through situations where we'd probably normally have a small bit of guidance. We even had to talk through the decision to continue on with the scheduled GPS session without the guide, and I think we made the right decision.